HW: Empire - Naeb Aggregation

Version: 1.2

The Naeb Aggregation are a peaceful aquatic race driven by the necessity to
adapt and colonise other worlds as their aged homeworld slowly cools and
freezes.

For an eternity they have lived a secluded live in the deep oceans of their
homeworld. Unfortunately their world is growing old, is growing cold. As the
sun grows dim their world has been slowly freezing and thick ice covers their
great oceans. Whilst the rest of the galaxy ignored their frozen and apparent
lifeless world, they developed great scientific achievements powered by
geothermal energy, but the core of their world has begun to cool also. Now they
have had to adapt their  technology to live on the surface of their world as
the ocean's ice grows thicker.

With a desperate desire to save their ancient race they channelled their
scientific pursuits to adaptation and space flight. With powerful ships laden
with their watery environment, they venture out into space looking for other
worlds to colonise.


Requires
* Collection of Cities


A long time ago in a game far, far away....
This is a reworking of a species from a pack I originally developed for
Galactic Civilizations (which only works in Windows). Having converted to Linux
I am so pleased to discover Stellaris.

* Naeb Aggregation - A peaceful aquatic race driven by the necessity to adapt
and colonise other worlds as their aged homeworld slowly cools and freezes.

* Pharaonic Malignity - Having heavily polluted their homeworld with the
consumption of hydrocarbon fuels the Pharaonic Malignity are now looking for
other worlds to colonise, or conquer.

* Rwaddi Shrewdness - The Rwaddi are a race of arboreal primates who are more
at home on their jungle world than they are at spacefaring.

* Stratus Urbanites - The Stratus live on an arid world with twin moons. Their
homeworld draws tourist from afar to view their amazing cities and the romantic
views of the moons.


Enjoy,

Hereward
