ship_part_swarm_computer_1 Chip Swarm0 One
ship_part_swarm_computer_2 Chip Swarm1 Two
ship_part_swarm_computer_3 Chip Swarm2 Three
ship_part_swarm_computer_4 Chip Swarm3 Four
ship_part_swarm_computer_sentient Chip Swarm3 Sentient Five
ship_part_swarm_computer_precog Chip Swarm3 Precog Five
ship_part_broadside_computer_1 Chip Broadside0 One
ship_part_broadside_computer_2 Chip Broadside1 Two
ship_part_broadside_computer_3 Chip Broadside2 Three
ship_part_broadside_computer_4 Chip Broadside3 Four
ship_part_broadside_computer_sentient Chip Broadside3 Sentient Five
ship_part_broadside_computer_precog Chip Broadside3 Precog Five
ship_part_artillery_computer_1 Chip Artillery0 One
ship_part_artillery_computer_2 Chip Artillery1 Two
ship_part_artillery_computer_3 Chip Artillery2 Three
ship_part_artillery_computer_4 Chip Artillery3 Four
ship_part_artillery_computer_sentient Chip Artillery3 Sentient Five
ship_part_artillery_computer_precog Chip Artillery3 Precog Five
ship_part_defensive_computer_1 Chip Defensive0 One
ship_part_defensive_computer_2 Chip Defensive1 Two
ship_part_defensive_computer_3 Chip Defensive2 Three
ship_part_defensive_computer_4 Chip Defensive3 Four
ship_part_defensive_computer_sentient Chip Defensive3 Sentient Five
ship_part_defensive_computer_precog Chip Defensive3 Precog Five
